All right, so let's start at the top here.
Navigation bar looks pretty good.
It looks like we've got our
responsive elements there in place.
And it's centering as the page gets wider,
right?
Because on the navigation bar,
we set a max width of 1200 pixels and
we told it to center on the page.
So that is exactly what
that nav bar is doing.
Maybe we should follow suit
with our introduction here.
So our introduction doesn't
have any gating on it.
If my screen was this big,
that introduction would stretch
across the full screen real estate.
So maybe what we ought to do for
the introduction is we
should add that max width to it,
that might be something to do.
The other things that are missing,
down here in the contact me section,
we had that as that purple color.
And of course,
we're missing that here on the page.
So we'll need to think about that.
And we're also missing some of the little
gradient lines that go in
between in the design.
Here in the design,
we need to reevaluate these spaces here,
when we're missing these
lovely gradient lines.
They're here we're gonna talk
through how to make those.
The projects part of this of course,
is the last part that we'll work on and
we're gonna still need to
build that part of it.
So we still have these gradient lines and
we have a button here we need to put in,
right?
So that's pretty much our punch
list here as we think through this.
Okay, so let's work on that
introduction here first.
So what I'm going to do
here in my style sheet,
is I'm going to scroll on down
to my introduction styles.
So that's red down around line 57 or so,
somewhere around in there
in your style sheet.
And I'm gonna add to this a little bit.
So I've got by right now
a padding bottom of 10rem.
So that's giving me a gap between
the end of the introduction and
the start of the next section
which is that contact section.
I'm gonna change this
up a little bit here.
So what I'm gonna do is
I'm going to set padding
overall to 4rem, remember that's the top,
1rem, 10rem, and 1rem.
So remember, four numbers like that,
when you see it associated with
something like padding or margin,
those four numbers being a top,
right, bottom, left, TRBL.
Remember that and stay out of trouble.
TRBL, trouble.
So that's what those four numbers mean.
So you can think about it as
the hands of a clock, top, right,
bottom, left,
if you're more of a visual person.
So think about the hands
of an analog clock.
So we've got some padding on the top,
a bit on the top to separate
us from the nav bar.
We'll put a little bit on the sides,
so that at smaller screen dimensions,
we don't smash into
the sides of the window.
And then we'll have a big space of
padding going down into our next section.
Then after that, I'm going to
add a max width of 1200 pixels.
And we can say margin, 0 auto.
So that'll center our
introduction on the screen.
So if we come on down here now and
refresh the page, that looks so
much better, doesn't it?
Now we have a very clear left alignment
going on here from my nav bar all the way
down to my introduction.
So that was just one
little bit of a tweak.
We added a max width,
we centered it on the page,
and we swapped up our padding a little
bit to make this nice and spacious.
All right, next, let's take a look
at this contact section here.
It has the wrong background color, and we
need to add a button for the email link.
So let's do that next.
So scroll down here to
the contact section of the page.
And what I'm going to do here, I need to
make this a background color of plum.
So one of the things you might think
of doing is here at the contact
portion of this page,
we would simply say, background-color.
And we'd say var--plum, right?
Makes sense?
So if you do that, and
then take a look at the webpage.
Unfortunately that gives you a big purple
square in the middle of the screen.
And you'd probably really prefer to have
the purple stretching all the way across.
So if you know why this happens,
then you know how to fix the problem.
So why did this happen?
This happened because we have a width
set of 400 pixels on this and
our background color,
the purple is occupying those 400 pixels.
It's not programmed to stretch
all the way across the screen.
So how do we get it then to stretch all
the way across the screen while preserving
our 400 pixels wide?
We're gonna need to add a div, okay?
So that's what happens there.
So here inside of my HTML down
here in the contact section,
rather than leaving it like this,
what I'm going to do is add a div.
And I'm gonna give it
a class of section-plum.
Because it's the plum background color for
the section.
I'm real creative that way.
And then down here at the end of
that section, we'll say slash div.
I don't know why VS code is formatting
this so oddly but it is, so there we go.
So we'll have this div now outside
of where the width is set.
The width is set here on the section with
the idea of contact of 400 pixels wide.
So now I've got another div on top
of it where I can give it that plum
background color.
And there's no restrictions on the size of
the div with a class of Section plum, so
the purple will stretch all
the way across the screen.
So now all we have to do is
write that particular class.
So over here on the side, I think I put
this up towards the top of the screen.
In case we wanted to use it on
another page somewhere else,
we could just say background color divs.
If that's something you wanna add later.
And we'll say section- plum has got
that background color of var-plum.
And then of course down here
in the contacts section,
we can get rid of
the background color here.
You don't need that anymore.
So if we save that and
we take a look at our webpage, refresh.
Now we have the purple color stretching
all the way across the screen, but yet
we've still maintained that tight width
that we want there in that contact.
And then the last part of that is what
do we do about that particular button?
Great question.
Well, remember that we wrote a class in
here somewhere called button, didn't we?
Right here, around line 158 we
have a class called button.
So we can just take that class now and
apply it to the link that we
have in the contact section.
So here we are in the contacts
section down here,
there's our href inside of that element.
We'll put in our class of button and
save that.
Let's take a look at that webpage.
So yeah, we sort of got a button here,
sort of.
But it's the wrong font and
it has an underline on it, right?
Why is it doing that when the same class
of button up here works just fine for
our resume?
Well, the answer is always
at the CSS somewhere, and
when it doesn't work,
doesn't work the way you expect.
It's almost always an issue of
inheritance or the cascade.
So what's happening here with our button,
we never actually called out a font
family on the button itself, did we?
And we never actually called
out no underline on the button.
Those things are inherited.
We actually called out that
mono font family back here on
our nav class and
that got inherited by the button.
And we called out our lack of
an underline here on nav a.
And that got inherited
by the button as well.
So what we should do now?
Well, we could make yet
another class if we really wanted or
we could just simply add to this.
So we could say our font
family is var-mono, right?
And we could say text-decoration none.
Now that will be repetitive for the button
that shows up in our navigation, but
it will be helpful for
the one that shows up in our contact.
We don't have to set up another class,
so we're not hurting the navigation, but
we're helping the contact.
Overall I'd call it a win.
Save that, and refresh the screen.
And there's our email me button
looking the way we want it to look.
So then the last part of this has to do
with the footer, and it looks like my
footer padding is not quite working here,
so let's add to my footer class.
Let's add a padding of 4rem 0, so
that will put 4rem on the top and
the bottom of the footer,
nothing on the left and the right.
And if we save that and refresh
the webpage, that's so much better now.
We have a little bit of
breathing room there.
>> Why did we add the div
around the contact section?
Can we make the width 100% instead?
>> You could make the width 100% instead.
So let's do what this
person is suggesting.
So on the contact section, if we took out
our div with a class of section plum.
And over here and our CSS,
if I can find it.
There we go.
With the 400 pixels,
we'll just take that out, okay?
So now what we're saying is this contact,
which has,
we should add back in our color here,
background-color, var.
So now we have the plum right
on the contact section.
It's gonna stretch all
the way across the page.
We took out the width, so
this should work great, right?
So let's save our HTML.
Let's save our CSS.
And let's refresh the webpage.
And what happens.
So, this is what happens,
if my goal was to keep my text compressed
in that small window,
the way that I had it styled before,
we have gotten rid of that
particular piece of styling.
Now I could probably re-add in
this very specific instance.
Re-add that width of 400 pixels
to the paragraph itself, but
sometimes we wanna think about what's
gonna happen for the page overall.
How many exceptions to the rules
do we really wanna make?
And so the concept of a div with the class
of section plum meant that I could
take that same background color, and as I
said, maybe potentially eventually apply
it elsewhere in my document rather than
adapting things very specifically here.
So you are not necessarily completely
incorrect, this is another solution.
You'll have to also add that with the 400
pixels to that paragraph at least in
order to bring back the styling.